index.md, before:

---
title: Portfolio
---

# Model Details

This course has developed computer programming practical skills, particuarly with the use of Spyder (Anaconda 3) to create an agent-based model, which involves writing and structuring code, getting different code to interact and gettings code to interact with users. This  model inparticular is animated and interacts with an agent code and an environment to produce coordinates on a 'raster' grid. The plotted points (coordinates) for the 'Foxes' variables are produced randomly and the 'Agents' (Sheep) are plotted from an online web-derived set of data points. The 'Agents' in the model- move, 'eat' the environment, share with their nearest neighbour and a selection of the 'Agents' are unfortunately subsequently 'eaten' by the 'Foxes' when the 'Agents' get too close. The code uses core Python language with an object oriented approach, continous integration and web-scraping.

The model code can be found in the link below. 

#### [Link to Model Code](https://github.com/gy19cp/gy19cp.github.io/blob/master/model.py)

Commit message:

Add link to About me

index.md, after:

---
title: Portfolio
---

# Model Details

This course has developed computer programming practical skills, particuarly with the use of Spyder (Anaconda 3) to create an agent-based model, which involves writing and structuring code, getting different code to interact and gettings code to interact with users. This  model inparticular is animated and interacts with an agent code and an environment to produce coordinates on a 'raster' grid. The plotted points (coordinates) for the 'Foxes' variables are produced randomly and the 'Agents' (Sheep) are plotted from an online web-derived set of data points. The 'Agents' in the model- move, 'eat' the environment, share with their nearest neighbour and a selection of the 'Agents' are unfortunately subsequently 'eaten' by the 'Foxes' when the 'Agents' get too close. The code uses core Python language with an object oriented approach, continous integration and web-scraping.

The Model Code can be found in the link below. 

#### [Link to Model Code](https://github.com/gy19cp/gy19cp.github.io/blob/master/model.py)


The 'About Me' section can be found in the link below. 

#### [Link to About Me](https://gy19cp.github.io/about.html)
